web/docs-site/index.md, before:

﻿# The Book Project Docs

Welcome to The Book Project Documentation.

## Introduction

The Book Project is a self-hosted personal library management application. This documentation site provides guides, FAQs, and legal information to help you use the application effectively. 

The Book Project allows you to create and manage your personal library data, including books, authors, publishers, series, tags, storage locations, and related notes. It allows you to keep track of your book collection in a structured and detailed way, over a long period of time. 

The Book Project is designed for private use, not as a public or social platform. This means that only you can access the data in your library, and you cannot share it with others. Admins may access user data for support or maintenance reasons.

Below are links to the main sections of the documentation:

## Logins and Accounts
- [Creating an Account](/guides/creating-an-account)
- [Resetting Your Password](/guides/reset-your-password)

## Guides
- [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started)

## Help
- [FAQ](/faq)

## Legal
- [Privacy Policy](/legal/privacy-policy)
- [Terms of Use](/legal/terms-of-use)

Commit message:

refresh docs links and next steps

web/docs-site/index.md, after:

﻿# The Book Project Docs

Welcome to The Book Project Documentation.

## Introduction

The Book Project is a self-hosted personal library management application. This documentation site provides guides, FAQs, and legal information to help you use the application effectively. 

The Book Project allows you to create and manage your personal library data, including books, authors, publishers, series, tags, storage locations, and related notes. It allows you to keep track of your book collection in a structured and detailed way, over a long period of time. 

The Book Project is designed for private use, not as a public or social platform. This means that only you can access the data in your library, and you cannot share it with others. Admins may access user data for support or maintenance reasons.

Below are links to the main sections of the documentation:

## Logins and Accounts
- [Creating an Account](/guides/setup/creating-an-account)
- [Resetting Your Password](/guides/setup/reset-your-password)

## Guides
- [Getting Started](/guides/setup/getting-started)

## Help
- [FAQ](/faq)

## Legal
- [Privacy Policy](/legal/privacy-policy)
- [Terms of Use](/legal/terms-of-use)

---

## What's Next?

If you're new here, start with the core setup guides. If you're already using the app, jump into the library and account topics below.

- [Getting Started](/guides/setup/getting-started)
- [Managing Books](/guides/library/managing-books)
- [Managing Authors](/guides/library/managing-authors)
- [FAQ](/faq)
