web/Privacy Policy.md, before:

# The Book Project Privacy Policy

Effective Date: June 2024
Last Updated: June 2024

The Book Project ("we," "us," or "our") is committed to protecting your privacy and personal information. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and share your information when you visit and use our website [fjnel.co.za](http://fjnel.co.za) (the "Site"), API, and other online services (collectively, the "Services"). Please read this privacy policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access the site.

## Information We Collect

We collect several types of information from and about users of our Services, including:
- Personal Information: This may include your name, email address, and any other information you provide when you register for an account, subscribe to our newsletter, or contact us.


## How We Use Your Information


## Sharing Your Information


## Third-Party Services

### Google reCAPTCHA

We use Google reCAPTCHA to protect our website from spam and abuse. Google reCAPTCHA is embedded on our site and may collect information about your use of the site, including your IP address, interactions (mouse movements, clicks, keystrokes, etc.) to determine whether you are human. This information is processed in accordance with Google's Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. For more information, please visit [Google's Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy) and [Google's Terms of Service](https://policies.google.com/terms).

### Mailgun

We use Mailgun for email services. Mailgun may collect and process your email address and other information you provide when you register an account, request to reset your password or for other email-related purposes. They may also collect information about your usage of their services, like email delivery and engagement metrics. This information is used to send you emails and manage our email communications. For more information, please visit [Mailgun's Privacy Policy](https://www.mailgun.com/privacy).


### OpenAI API

We use the OpenAI API to provide certain, optional, AI-powered features on our site. These features are labelled using the "✨" icon. When you use these features, we may share your input data with OpenAI. We do not share any other personal information with OpenAI. OpenAI may collect and process this data in accordance with their privacy policy. For more information, please visit [OpenAI's Privacy Policy](https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy).

### Google AI API

We use the Google's AI API to provide certain, optional, AI-powered features on our site. These features are labelled using the "✨" icon. When you use these features, we may share your input data with Google. We do not share any other personal information with Google. Google may collect and process this data in accordance with their privacy policy. For more information, please visit [Google's Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy).

## Data Storage and Security


## Your Rights


## Data Retention


## Cookies and Tracking


## Children's Privacy


## Changes to This Privacy Policy


## Contact Us

Commit message:

refactor: Update CORS origin to new domain and enhance privacy policy with additional data handling details

web/Privacy Policy.md, after:

# The Book Project Privacy Policy

Effective Date: June 2024
Last Updated: June 2024

The Book Project ("we," "us," or "our") is committed to protecting your privacy and personal information. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and share your information when you visit and use our website [fjnel.co.za](http://fjnel.co.za) (the "Site"), API, and other online services (collectively, the "Services"). Please read this privacy policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access the site.

## Information We Collect

We collect several types of information from and about users of our Services, including:

- Personal Information: This may include your name, email address, and any other information you provide when you register for an account or contact us.
- Usage Data: We may collect information about how you use our Services, including your IP address, browser type, operating system, referring URLs, pages visited, and other similar data. 
- Local Storage Data: We may use local storage technologies (like cookies and web beacons) to store a way to identify you and store information about your preferences.
- User-Generated Content: Any content you create or submit through our Services, such as when you create new books, authors, or other content. 

## How We Use Your Information


## Sharing Your Information

We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. Your information will be kept confidential, except in the following circumstances:
- With your consent or at your direction.
- To comply with legal obligations, such as a subpoena or court order.
- To protect and defend our rights and property.
- To prevent fraud or other illegal activities.
- With service providers who perform services on our behalf, such as email services,  

## Third-Party Services

### Google reCAPTCHA

We use Google reCAPTCHA to protect our website from spam and abuse. Google reCAPTCHA is embedded on our site and may collect information about your use of the site, including your IP address, interactions (mouse movements, clicks, keystrokes, etc.) to determine whether you are human. This information is processed in accordance with Google's Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. For more information, please visit [Google's Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy) and [Google's Terms of Service](https://policies.google.com/terms).

### Mailgun

We use Mailgun for email services. Mailgun may collect and process your email address and other information you provide when you register an account, request to reset your password or for other email-related purposes. They may also collect information about your usage of their services, like email delivery and engagement metrics. This information is used to send you emails and manage our email communications. For more information, please visit [Mailgun's Privacy Policy](https://www.mailgun.com/privacy).

### OpenAI API

We use the OpenAI API to provide certain, optional, AI-powered features on our site. These features are labelled using the "✨" icon. When you use these features, we may share your input data with OpenAI. We do not share any other personal information with OpenAI. OpenAI may collect and process this data in accordance with their privacy policy. For more information, please visit [OpenAI's Privacy Policy](https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy).

### Google AI API

We use the Google's AI API to provide certain, optional, AI-powered features on our site. These features are labelled using the "✨" icon. When you use these features, we may share your input data with Google. We do not share any other personal information with Google. Google may collect and process this data in accordance with their privacy policy. For more information, please visit [Google's Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy).

## Data Storage and Security

We take reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. However, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 

Your data is stored on a local computer server in South Africa. It is backed up to a cloud storage service (Google Drive)By using our Services, you consent to the transfer of your information to these locations.


## Your Rights


## Data Retention


## Cookies and Tracking


## Children's Privacy


## Changes to This Privacy Policy


## Contact Us
